README.md, before:

---
home: true
actionText: View the Events →
actionLink: /events/

description: Berlin Blockchain Week is a community-organized initiative. We
  have no single owner. It is an agnostic movement based on the premise that
  self-organization is the backbone of the ecosystem. We invite projects,
  individuals and anyone interested in fruitful and educational discussions to
  join us.

tagline: 5-11 September 2018

features:
- title: Full Node
  details: Berlin’s Blockchain hub. With over 20 blockchain startups, Full
    Node aims to provide the community with room for education, experimentation,
    innovation, R&D, and the foreground needed for greater diversity in the
    community.

- title: Factory
  details: Berlin’s most popular startup campus that connects founders with
    mature high tech companies. Companies cooperate as business incubators and
    advisors for visionary founders offering an “organic acceleration" for
    emerging startups.

- title: The Family
  details: The Family is an inclusive investment company that unites
    entrepreneurs across Europe in Paris, London and Berlin in a singular
    platform with the aim to build a diverse, dynamic and open startup
    continent.

- title: Energy Web DevHub
  details: The Energy Web is an open-source, scalable blockchain platform
    specifically designed for free public access to encourage dApp development
    and adoption. The Berlin DevHub focuses on accelerating blockchain
    technology across the energy sector.

- title: Oscoin Office
  details: Backed by Blue Yard capital, oscoin aims to build a decentralized
    network between open source software and developers that would allow for a
    fair economy for the development and maintenance of the world’s open source
    software, independent of gatekeepers.

- title: Co.up
  details: 'Co.up is a community event space located in the heart of Berlin
    Kreuzberg which provides event and workshop spaces for the Berlin tech and
    creative community.'

- title: rent24/Black Unicorn
  details: As one of the leading coworking and coliving providers, rent24 offers
    their members not only workspaces and accommodation, but also lounge areas,
    meeting rooms and event space. rent24's mission is to provide inspirational
    environments that promote both creativity and productivity, and encourage
    their community to share.

footer:
  -
    url: /legal/privacy-policy/
    text: Privacy policy
#  -
#    url: /legal/imprint/
#    text: Imprint
#  -
#    url: /legal/terms-and-conditions/
#    text: Terms and conditions
---

<hr /><br />

Berlin Blockchain Week is a community-organized initiative. We have no single
owner. It is an agnostic movement based on the premise that self-organization
is the backbone of the ecosystem. We invite projects, individuals and anyone
interested in fruitful and educational discussions to join us.

Berlin Blockchain Week is committed to reduce the noise from the market and
focus on education, in order to push mass adoption via providing first hand
information about the industry.

Our concept is simple: keep it educational, try to be as cost friendly for the
community as you can (bearing in mind, we all need to pay bills - so not all
events are free!) and to create a welcoming environment, so interested parties
at any knowledge level feel comfortable to join.
<br />

Commit message:

Add Ocean Protocol venue description

README.md, after:

---
home: true
actionText: View the Events →
actionLink: /events/

description: Berlin Blockchain Week is a community-organized initiative. We
  have no single owner. It is an agnostic movement based on the premise that
  self-organization is the backbone of the ecosystem. We invite projects,
  individuals and anyone interested in fruitful and educational discussions to
  join us.

tagline: 5-11 September 2018

features:
- title: Full Node
  details: Berlin’s Blockchain hub. With over 20 blockchain startups, Full
    Node aims to provide the community with room for education, experimentation,
    innovation, R&D, and the foreground needed for greater diversity in the
    community.

- title: Factory
  details: Berlin’s most popular startup campus that connects founders with
    mature high tech companies. Companies cooperate as business incubators and
    advisors for visionary founders offering an “organic acceleration" for
    emerging startups.

- title: The Family
  details: The Family is an inclusive investment company that unites
    entrepreneurs across Europe in Paris, London and Berlin in a singular
    platform with the aim to build a diverse, dynamic and open startup
    continent.

- title: Energy Web DevHub
  details: The Energy Web is an open-source, scalable blockchain platform
    specifically designed for free public access to encourage dApp development
    and adoption. The Berlin DevHub focuses on accelerating blockchain
    technology across the energy sector.

- title: Oscoin Office
  details: Backed by Blue Yard capital, oscoin aims to build a decentralized
    network between open source software and developers that would allow for a
    fair economy for the development and maintenance of the world’s open source
    software, independent of gatekeepers.

- title: Co.up
  details: 'Co.up is a community event space located in the heart of Berlin
    Kreuzberg which provides event and workshop spaces for the Berlin tech and
    creative community.'

- title: rent24/Black Unicorn
  details: As one of the leading coworking and coliving providers, rent24 offers
    their members not only workspaces and accommodation, but also lounge areas,
    meeting rooms and event space. rent24's mission is to provide inspirational
    environments that promote both creativity and productivity, and encourage
    their community to share.

- title: Ocean Protocol Office
  details: Ocean Protocol is a decentralized data exchange protocol to unlock
    data for AI. Ocean Protocol aims to unlock data, for more equitable outcomes
    for users of data, using a thoughtful application of both technology and
    governance.

footer:
  -
    url: /legal/privacy-policy/
    text: Privacy policy
#  -
#    url: /legal/imprint/
#    text: Imprint
#  -
#    url: /legal/terms-and-conditions/
#    text: Terms and conditions
---

<hr /><br />

Berlin Blockchain Week is a community-organized initiative. We have no single
owner. It is an agnostic movement based on the premise that self-organization
is the backbone of the ecosystem. We invite projects, individuals and anyone
interested in fruitful and educational discussions to join us.

Berlin Blockchain Week is committed to reduce the noise from the market and
focus on education, in order to push mass adoption via providing first hand
information about the industry.

Our concept is simple: keep it educational, try to be as cost friendly for the
community as you can (bearing in mind, we all need to pay bills - so not all
events are free!) and to create a welcoming environment, so interested parties
at any knowledge level feel comfortable to join.
<br />
