events/dezentral/README.md, before:

---
###########
### SEO ###
###########
# The title of the page, displayed by the browser on the title of the window.
# Ideally this is the same as the name of the event.
title: Dezentral

# Description for this event. This will be rendered as a <meta> tag in the HTML, 
# and displayed on the /events page. Keep it short.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
description: Dezentral aims to be an inclusive blockchain conference, while 
  bringing newcomers, builders and longtime hodlers from all over the world 
  together in the heart of Berlin.


#####################
### EVENT DETAILS ###
#####################
# The name of the event you're creating.
# Ideally this is the same as the title.
name: Dezentral

# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each paragraph.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove paragraphs as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
synopsis:
  -
    Dezentral aims to be an inclusive blockchain conference, while bringing
      newcomers, builders and longtime hodlers from all over the world together
      in the heart of Berlin.
  -
    With over 800 attendees, including founders of prime projects and partners
      of tier 1 funds.

# The date should be in the format year-month-day (ISO 8601).
# Example: 2018-02-28
date: 2018-09-06
endDate: 2018-09-06

# Set the time in 24 hours format, surrounded by quotes.
# _Only_ the starting time!
# Example: '18:00'
time: '10:00'
endTime: '19:00'

# The URL where to adquire the tickets. Can be left empty.
tickets: https://www.dezentral.io/

# If the entrance is free, set zero (0) as the price, or leave it empty.
# _Don't_ write the currency symbol (Euro symbol will be used).
price: 50-150

# The name of the venue where the event will be held. Can be left empty.
venue: KOSMOS Berlin

# The address to link to a Google map. Please test the address on Google Maps.
# Example: Skalitzer Strasse 85-86, 10997 Berlin, Germany
address: Karl-Marx-Allee 131A, 10243 Berlin, Germany

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackaton
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: conference


#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
  -
    name: Kathleen Breitmann
    title: CEO
    company: Tezos
  -
    name: Jan Xie
    title: CTO
    company: Nervos
  -
    name: Xinshu Dong
    title: CEO
    company: Zilliqa
  -
    name: Ryan King
    title: CEO
    company: FOAM
  -
    name: Haseeb Qureshi
    company: Metastable
  -
    name: Nader Al-Naji
    title: CEO
    company: Basis
# -
#   # Required.
#   name: 
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   title: 
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   company: 
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   companyURL: 
#
#   # Just the twitter handle, without Twitter's URL, nor the '@' symbol.
#   # Can be left empty.
#   twitter: 
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   website: 
#
#   # The bio is a single line. 
#   # Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
#   bio: 

### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>

Commit message:

Updated description with latest information

events/dezentral/README.md, after:

---
###########
### SEO ###
###########
# The title of the page, displayed by the browser on the title of the window.
# Ideally this is the same as the name of the event.
title: Dezentral

# Description for this event. This will be rendered as a <meta> tag in the HTML, 
# and displayed on the /events page. Keep it short.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
description: Dezentral aims to be an inclusive blockchain conference, while 
  bringing newcomers, builders and longtime hodlers from all over the world 
  together in the heart of Berlin.


#####################
### EVENT DETAILS ###
#####################
# The name of the event you're creating.
# Ideally this is the same as the title.
name: Dezentral

# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each paragraph.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove paragraphs as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
synopsis:
  -
    Dezentral aims to be an inclusive blockchain conference, while bringing
      newcomers, builders and longtime hodlers from all over the world together
      in the heart of Berlin.
  -
    Featuring attendees from traditional industry, founders of blockchain projects, media and partners
      of top tier funds from Asia, Europe and the US.

# The date should be in the format year-month-day (ISO 8601).
# Example: 2018-02-28
date: 2018-09-06
endDate: 2018-09-06

# Set the time in 24 hours format, surrounded by quotes.
# _Only_ the starting time!
# Example: '18:00'
time: '9:00'
endTime: '19:00'

# The URL where to adquire the tickets. Can be left empty.
tickets: https://www.dezentral.io/

# If the entrance is free, set zero (0) as the price, or leave it empty.
# _Don't_ write the currency symbol (Euro symbol will be used).
price: 50-180

# The name of the venue where the event will be held. Can be left empty.
venue: KOSMOS Berlin

# The address to link to a Google map. Please test the address on Google Maps.
# Example: Skalitzer Strasse 85-86, 10997 Berlin, Germany
address: Karl-Marx-Allee 131A, 10243 Berlin, Germany

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackaton
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: conference


#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
  -
    name: Arthur Breitmann
    title: CEO
    company: Tezos
  -
    name: Jan Xie
    title: CTO
    company: Nervos
  -
    name: Xinshu Dong
    title: CEO
    company: Zilliqa
  -
    name: Ryan King
    title: CEO
    company: FOAM
  -
    name: Haseeb Qureshi
    company: Metastable
  -
    name: Nader Al-Naji
    title: CEO
    company: Basis
  -
    name: Noah Johnson
    title: COO
    company: Oasis Labs
  -
    name: Do Kwon
    title: COO
    company: Terra
# -
#   # Required.
#   name: 
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   title: 
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   company: 
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   companyURL: 
#
#   # Just the twitter handle, without Twitter's URL, nor the '@' symbol.
#   # Can be left empty.
#   twitter: 
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   website: 
#
#   # The bio is a single line. 
#   # Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
#   bio: 

### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>
