events/all-about-security-tokens/README.md, before:

---
###########
### SEO ###
###########
# The title of the page, displayed by the browser on the title of the window.
# Ideally this is the same as the name of the event.
title: All About Security Tokens

# Description for this event. This will be rendered as a <meta> tag in the HTML,
# and displayed on the /events page. Keep it short.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
description: This is a talk about blockchain. This field is indexed by search
  engines and used to show a description on /events.


#####################
### EVENT DETAILS ###
#####################
# The name of the event you're creating.
# Ideally this is the same as the title.
name: All About Security Tokens

# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each paragraph.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove paragraphs as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
synopsis:
  -
    'Topics to discuss:'
  -
    list:
    - What security tokens are
    - The benefits of security tokens
    - Advantages for companies and early stage startups over traditional VC
        round and  traditional equities
    - 'Present the competitive landscape of different solutions & players:
        Issuers, platforms, secondary exchanges, existing tokenized securities
        or funds, liquidity providers'
    - As liquidity remains one of the biggest roadblocks to widespread
        adoption of security token. We can focus on liquidity providers and
        security token exchanges especially
    - 'Opportunities for the future growth: what do we expect to happen in the
        security tokens field in 2019'

# The date should be in the format year-month-day (ISO 8601).
# Example: 2018-02-28
date: 2018-09-05

# Set the time in 24 hours format, surrounded by quotes.
# _Only_ the starting time!
# Example: '18:00'
time: '19:00'

# The URL where to adquire the tickets. Can be left empty.
tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/all-about-security-tokens-tickets-48412538205

# If the entrance is free, set zero (0) as the price, or leave it empty.
# _Don't_ write the currency symbol (Euro symbol will be used).
price: 0

# The name of the venue where the event will be held. Can be left empty.
venue: rent24

# The address to link to a Google map. Please test the address on Google Maps.
# Example: Skalitzer Strasse 85-86, 10997 Berlin, Germany
address: Potsdamer Strasse 182, 10783 Berlin, Germany

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackaton
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: panel


#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
# -
#   # Required.
#   name:
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   title:
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   company:
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   companyURL:
#
#   # Just the twitter handle, without Twitter's URL, nor the '@' symbol.
#   # Can be left empty.
#   twitter:
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   website:
#
#   # The bio is a single line.
#   # Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
#   bio:

### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>

Commit message:

Update All About Security Tokens event

events/all-about-security-tokens/README.md, after:

---
###########
### SEO ###
###########
# The title of the page, displayed by the browser on the title of the window.
# Ideally this is the same as the name of the event.
title: All About Security Tokens

# Description for this event. This will be rendered as a <meta> tag in the HTML,
# and displayed on the /events page. Keep it short.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
description: 'Topics to discuss: What security tokens are. The benefits of
  security tokens. Advantages for companies and early stage startups over
  traditional VC round and traditional equities.'


#####################
### EVENT DETAILS ###
#####################
# The name of the event you're creating.
# Ideally this is the same as the title.
name: All About Security Tokens

# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each paragraph.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove paragraphs as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
synopsis:
  -
    'Topics to discuss:'
  -
    list:
    - What security tokens are
    - The benefits of security tokens
    - Advantages for companies and early stage startups over traditional VC
        round and  traditional equities
    - 'Present the competitive landscape of different solutions & players:
        Issuers, platforms, secondary exchanges, existing tokenized securities
        or funds, liquidity providers'
    - As liquidity remains one of the biggest roadblocks to widespread
        adoption of security token. We can focus on liquidity providers and
        security token exchanges especially
    - 'Opportunities for the future growth: what do we expect to happen in the
        security tokens field in 2019'

# The date should be in the format year-month-day (ISO 8601).
# Example: 2018-02-28
date: 2018-09-05

# Set the time in 24 hours format, surrounded by quotes.
# _Only_ the starting time!
# Example: '18:00'
time: '19:00'

# The URL where to adquire the tickets. Can be left empty.
tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/all-about-security-tokens-tickets-48412538205

# If the entrance is free, set zero (0) as the price, or leave it empty.
# _Don't_ write the currency symbol (Euro symbol will be used).
price: 0

# The name of the venue where the event will be held. Can be left empty.
venue: rent24

# The address to link to a Google map. Please test the address on Google Maps.
# Example: Skalitzer Strasse 85-86, 10997 Berlin, Germany
address: Potsdamer Strasse 182, 10783 Berlin, Germany

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackaton
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: panel


#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
# -
#   # Required.
#   name:
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   title:
#
#   # Can be left empty.
#   company:
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   companyURL:
#
#   # Just the twitter handle, without Twitter's URL, nor the '@' symbol.
#   # Can be left empty.
#   twitter:
#
#   # The full URL, including http(s)://. Can be left empty.
#   website:
#
#   # The bio is a single line.
#   # Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
#   bio:

### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>
