events/pandora-boxchain-meetup/README.md, before:

---
title: Pandora Boxchain Meetup

description: Pandora Boxchain welcomes all blockchain and AI enthusiasts to
  its second meetup in Berlin! Join us for pizza & beer right after the Zero
  Knowledge Summit at Mindspace. We will kick off with the presentation by
  Andrey Sobol on the topic ‘Randomness in POS blockchains’.

name: Pandora Boxchain Meetup

synopsis:
  -
    Pandora Boxchain welcomes all blockchain and AI enthusiasts to its
      second meetup in Berlin! Join us for pizza & beer right after the Zero
      Knowledge Summit at Mindspace.
  -
    We will kick off with the presentation by Andrey Sobol on the topic
      ‘Randomness in POS blockchains’.

date: 2018-09-05
endDate: 2018-09-05

time: '19:00'
endTime: '21:00'

tickets: https://www.meetup.com/pandoraboxchain-berlin-meetup/events/254212923/

price: 0

venue: Mindspace - Coworking Space in Berlin

address: Krausenstraße 9-10, 10117 Berlin, Germany

category: event

speakers:
  -
    name: Andrey Sobol
    title: Co-founder
    company: Pandora Boxchain
    companyURL: https://pandoraboxchain.ai/
    twitter: andrENsobol
    website:
    bio: Andrey Sobol is a co-founder of Pandora Boxchain, CTO of Satoshi
      Fund, consensus protocol researcher and author of Hyperion consensus
      protocol. Andrey is an experienced software developer, focused on
      distributed technologies, artificial intelligence and cryptography. He
      also holds expertise in Game Theory, Austrian Theory on Business Cycle,
      and Decentralization Law.

---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>

Commit message:

Update Pandora Boxchain event. Close #162

events/pandora-boxchain-meetup/README.md, after:

---
title: Pandora Boxchain Meetup

description: Pandora Boxchain welcomes all blockchain and AI enthusiasts to
  its second meetup in Berlin! Join us for pizza & beer right after the Zero
  Knowledge Summit at Mindspace. We will kick off with the presentation by
  Andrey Sobol on the topic ‘Randomness in POS blockchains’.

name: Pandora Boxchain Meetup

synopsis:
  -
    Pandora Boxchain welcomes all blockchain and AI enthusiasts to its
      second meetup in Berlin! Join us for pizza & beer right after the Zero
      Knowledge Summit at Mindspace.
  -
    We will kick off with the presentation by Andrey Sobol on the topic
      ‘Randomness in POS blockchains’.
  -
    Afterwards, Sergey Korostelyov will shed some light on how blockchain
      can help build decentralized AI systems.

date: 2018-09-05
endDate: 2018-09-05

time: '19:00'
endTime: '21:00'

tickets: https://www.meetup.com/pandoraboxchain-berlin-meetup/events/254212923/

price: 0

venue: Mindspace - Coworking Space in Berlin

address: Krausenstraße 9-10, 10117 Berlin, Germany

category: event

speakers:
  -
    name: Andrey Sobol
    title: Co-founder
    company: Pandora Boxchain
    companyURL: https://pandoraboxchain.ai/
    twitter: andrENsobol
    website:
    bio: Andrey Sobol is a co-founder of Pandora Boxchain, CTO of Satoshi
      Fund, consensus protocol researcher and author of Hyperion consensus
      protocol. Andrey is an experienced software developer, focused on
      distributed technologies, artificial intelligence and cryptography. He
      also holds expertise in Game Theory, Austrian Theory on Business Cycle,
      and Decentralization Law.
  -
    name: Sergey Korostelyov
    title: Researcher and developer
    company: Pandora Boxchain
    companyURL: https://pandoraboxchain.ai/
    twitter:
    website:
    bio: Sergey Korostelyov is a researcher and developer at Pandora Boxchain,
      co-author of pynode computing kernels on Ethereum based PoCW consensus,
      blockchain and machine learning expert. Sergey has more than 10 years of
      experience in software architecture design and development focused on
      building complex enterprise systems.

---
<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>
